#This week at the lab

It's been an interesting and busy week at the lab - projects are going well, we've had our quarterly partner's meeting and we're delighted to welcome David Flanders on board as a Cottage Labs Partner!


##Project Updates


[Leaps](/projects/leaps) - Success! Almost. Most students have registered, and the frontend has been deemed successful. We're going to be making some minor tweaks to the backend functionality for the next phase of work.

[Mobile futures](/projects/mobilefutures) -  We've been working on our first blog post for this project which should be ready to be published next week! Look out for our tweets on this project!  

[DUO](/projects/duo) - This project is moving along well,  with about 2 weeks left to go!

[UKRISS](/projects/ukriss) - We're approaching the end of the first phase and are pretty happy with the work so far.

[Jorum paradata](/projects/jorum-paradata) - Making really good progress, hope to be complete in time for next call on Monday. Richard and Emanuil will be working on metadata enhancement after this phase.

[Advantages of APIs](/projects/advantages-of-api-report) - We're making some updates over the weekend after a positive review with JISC. We're on track for final edits to this draft before going to the client for a first read-through.

[ResourceSync](/projects/resourcesync) - Richard was in Denver for meetings last week which were really positive and all is going well with the project. 

DMP online @ Australian National Data Service - This new project should be pretty speedy, with all going well so far. Tim Dittrick is working on initial Chef recipe, and Martyn will document, test and tweak.

Finix -  We've started development work on this project and all is on track so far. 

 
 



Original Title: This week at the lab 05102012
Original Author: Bex
Tags: thisweekatthelab, news, bex
Created: 2012-10-05 1737
Last Modified: 2013-03-02 1048
