#This week at the lab


We've had another busy and exciting week! Mark has been in London at the <a href="http://www.neilstewartassociates.com/evaluation.php?code=jb337/">Future Strategies for University and College Libraries</a> conference, where he delivered a presentation on Open Bibliography and the Future of HE Libraries. Check out the presentation <a href="http://cottagelabs.com/news/future-strategies-libraries/">here!</a>

##Project Updates 


[Mobile futures](/projects/mobilefutures) - Our first blog post for this project is live! Visit <a href="http://cottagelabs.com/news/mobile-futures-mobile-as-a-platform/">here</a> to discover why considering mobile as part of a wider 'platform for engagement' could be beneficial to HE institutions, and to join in the discussion! 

[DUO](/projects/duo) -  We have finished the main body of the work now; with some bugfixes on the StudentWeb code to do next, then international jet-setter [Richard](/people/richard) will go to Oslo in November for a finalising workshop!

[UKRISS](/projects/ukriss) - We're approaching the end of the first phase, with lots of work to do on this project in the coming week!

[Jorum paradata](/projects/jorum-paradata) - Work is continuing on metadata enhancements. 

[Advantages of APIs](/projects/advantages-of-api-report) - The report is with the beta readers who are coming up with some really interesting points for discussion/improvement. Looking to have all their comments back early next week so that we can begin work on the next draft! 

DMP online @ Australian National Data Service - The Chef recipe is now complete and installs DMP Online + Simple Sword Server on a virtual server (either in the cloud or on your local machine via virtual box) in six easy steps. For those who would like to do some cooking, head over to <a href="https://github.com/CottageLabs/dmponline-chef-repo/">here</a> and look out for [Martyn's](/people/martyn) blog post on this project which is coming soon :D 

[XCRI](/projects/xcri)  - The project is now under way! Check out the plan <a href="http://cottagelabs.com/projects/xcri/plan/">here!</a>

###Exciting shenanigans coming up next week!


[Richard](/people/richard) is off to Oxford for a [DataFlow](/projects/dataflow) workshop, and then heads to Nottingham for a JISC MRD workshop where he will present [DataFlow](/projects/dataflow) and [SWORDv2](/projects/sword2)








Original Title: This week at the lab 19102012
Original Author: Bex 
Tags: thisweekatthelab, news, bex
Created: 2012-10-19 1442
Last Modified: 2013-03-02 1048
