#This week at the lab

It's been another busy week at CL -  projects are progressing well and [Richard](/people/richard) has been gallavanting around the country! 

On Monday, he was in Oxford for a DataFlow hackathon where some progress was made with getting the 1.0 release out; then on Thursday he was off to Nottingham for the JISC MRD meeting where he was presenting DataFlow and SWORDv2. Today he is in London for the UKRISS steering board meeting!

##Open Access Week - ad victoriam!

We've been celebrating Open Access Week - check out <a href="http://cottagelabs.com/news/open-access-week-celebration">our list of the victories that have been achieved in Open Scholarship so far</a> and join in the discussion :D 

###Project updates 

[Mobile futures](/projects/mobilefutures) - We had a positive meeting with Ben this week and the project is progressing well, with our investigative team out gathering information as we speak!

[DUO](/projects/duo) -  This week we got a test instance up and running at Oslo.  At some point in the next week or so we will start testing the stuff we've written in a "live" environment, and then fix any issues that arise. 

[Jorum paradata](/projects/jorum-paradata) -  Metadata enhancement is proceeding well; we have all but completed the automated tasks, and are just moving into the manual processing of the partially cleaned data.

[Advantages of APIs](/projects/advantages-of-api-report) - We've received feedback from the beta readers and will be completing the second draft next week.









Original Title: This week at the lab 26102012
Original Author: Bex
Tags: thisweekatthelab, news, bex
Created: 2012-10-26 1735
Last Modified: 2013-03-02 1048
