#This week at the lab 

This has been an extremely busy couple of weeks here at CL - [Richard](people/richard) has been on his travels again, this time to Exeter, where he had fun working on the OpenExeter project. Richard and [Bex](people/bex) have also been flat out working on the UKRISS feasibility report. A well deserved pint was had by all this Friday evening! 

##Project Updates

Our other projects are all progressing well:

[Mobile Futures](/projects/mobilefutures) - the research for this project is going well, should have material for some interesting case studies - we've been talking to some awesome, inspirational people :D 

[UKRISS](/projects/ukriss) - The first draft of the feasibility report went in on Friday - after a week of panic, tea. fine columbian coffee beans and power metal for Richard and Bex!

[Jorum paradata](/projects/jorum-paradata) -This week the project was signed off! We're really pleased and the client feedback has been ace - well done everyone who was involved with this project!

[Advantages of APIs](/projects/advantages-of-api-report) - *drum roll...* the final draft was submitted to JISC this week! Well done to all who worked on this report :D 

[XCRI](/projects/xcri) - Check out Richard's blog post about his investigations <a href="http://cottagelabs.com/news/seeking-xcri">here</a>

Gateway to Research - We had the kick-off meeting for this project this week, and have arranged a face-to-face meeting in London the first week of December - very exciting!

##Other exciting shenanigans 

We have some really exciting new projects coming up as well as some interesting proposals - watch this space :D 




Original Title: This week at the lab 18112012
Original Author: Bex
Tags: thisweekatthelab, news, bex
Created: 2012-11-18 2344
Last Modified: 2013-03-02 1048
